jigl TODO list - not in any particular order
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Legend:
- Feature to be worked on for this release
* Feature is a work in progress
x Feature is finished
o Feature will be worked on for a later release
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
o option to not display exif comment tags in the exif output on the info slide.
  this would be useful if you store your comments in the exif headers of your
  images. That way you don't have to see the description twice on the info
  pages. Once under the image and once in the exif info table. it can be
  some what annoying to have really long comments displayed in the exif table.
o option to display a count of the number of on slides in the gallery on the
  index.html page. Probably up top somewhere.
o create a nice little, simple, windows program to run jigl from. Should just
  allow you to pick directroies, enter command line options in a single text
  field, and then issue that information to jigl.pl's command line.
o option to update gallery.dat file with new image files in the directory.
  This way adding images to a gallery won't require you to re-add your title,
  header, footer and captions for existing images.
- option to add filename (less extension) under thumbnail.
- Add support to detect movies and make a thumbnail of the some frame in the
  movie. Might be difficult to get working cross platform tho...
  then, instead of a link to a slide, simply link to download the movie.
  Might want someway to identify the thumbnail as a movie. Perhaps instead
  of XxY (size) under the thumbnail, it might say Movie (size) or something.
o Auto-detect images - for when images don't have file extensions.
x option to scale the slides and thumbs on the X axis.
x option to scale the slides and thumbs on the longest axis (X or Y).
- rewrite the way the options are handled. Needed so we can check dependencies
  of options - specifically the sx, sy and sle options. mergeOpts() funtion 
  need to be rewritten so it will merge two sets of options at a time.
  need to move the calls to checkOpts() to after all the options hashes
  have been gotten so we can check and merge in the correct order.
- check the --help and --version options from the cmd line before we do any
  sort of bounds checking. Otherwise if you have an invalid options in the
  jigl.opts file or the gallery.dat file it won't display help, it will just
  exit with an error.
o do not generate gallery.dat file in directories with no images in it.
o Tag to put thumnails of next/prev slide on slide page.
o option to reverse the order of the files when before being added to
  the gallery.dat file. maybe other types of processing too.. like by date
  or whatever.

Fixed in jigl 2.0.1
-------------------
x quoted options in the gallery.dat or jigl.opts file don't get parsed
  correctly. ex: -gbs "Go back up" -- only "Go will show up on the page.

Finished for jigl 2.0
---------------------
x exit cleanly if the ImageMagick tools can't be found.
x exit cleanly if $HOME is undefined.
x make a web/ directory where all the html/theme/slides/thumbs are stored.
  We only copy the slides/thumbs and theme directory over, not move it. The
  html files are moved. We only copy the directories since we need to know if
  the slides or thumbs need to be regenerated or not. Keeping copies in the
  original directory is the easiest way to do that.
  The gallery.dat file would still reside in the original directory.
  There should be an option to change the name of the directory from the
  default web/ --web-dir|-wd.
  Note: If the option --use-originals|-uo is used, the output dir is set to .,
  otherwise we would need to copy all the origianl files to the web/ dir and
  that has the potential to take up a lot of space, and would be unnecessary
  since everything you want is in the original dir. Currently there is no way
  to override this.
x Move the template files to the theme directories. This includes the 
  default templates. These should be moved into the default theme dir.
x The -ut|--update-template option should be changed to remove the local as well
  as the global template files. The global templates are located in the
  ~/.jigl/themes/default directory.
x create a ~/.jigl directory to contain themes and templates.
x Move the .jiglrc file into the ~/.jigl dir. It's now called ~/.jigl/jigl.opts
  The old .jiglrc file will NO LONGER be recognized!
x option to not generate the info pages
  if no slide pages are generated all references to the slides from the info
  pages will be removed. This includes next, prev and this-slide links.
  since the info-page image is just the slide image that has been reduced
  in half via html height and width tags, even if no slides pages are generated
  but info pages are, slide images will still be created.
x option to not generate the slides
  if no slide pages, link thumbnails on index page to the info-pages
  if no slide or info pages, thumbnails don't link to anything.
x Better theme support. Right now we only support modifying the template
  files. While this is sufficent, it would be nice to have a standard themes
  directory: $HOME/.jigl/themes where multiple themes can reside.
x --theme option would also be nice where you can specify the theme you want
  to use for this run of jigl. This would provide a better integration of
  themes into jigl.
x If using a theme, any supporting images/files that go with the theme will
  be copied into a theme/ directory in the output dir. If the theme only 
  uses modified templates, nothing will be copied.
x The gallery theme/ directory will have to be kept out of the recursion loop.
x The "Next>>"/"Next Info>>" links on the last slide/info-page can now be
  defined in the theme file as to what they link to, if anything. By default,
  it don't link to anything, they just prints "Last Slide" or "Last Info".
x The "<<Prev"/"<<Prev Info" links on the first slide/info-page can now be
  defined in the theme file as to what they link to, if anything. By default,
  they don't link to anything, they just prints "First Slide" or "First Info".
x Add the -gbs|--go-back-string option to change the text for the Go Back URL.
  By default it's still "Go Back", but you can now change it to say whatever.
  You could even put html in there if you wanted.
